TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[wind blowing]
[footsteps crunch]
GUARDS: Hmm?
‐ [scoffs]
‐ State your business.
‐ Do you see that tree?
‐ Hmm?
‐ Historical, yet distasteful.
Menial flies, begone from here.
‐ How dare you?
‐ [snarling]
‐ Oh?
‐ [screams]
‐ [groans]
[wood clattering]
‐ Ah.
Yes, this improves the view.
‐ [groans]
Just you wait.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Meifuku, the Meioju."
JYUBEI: One of the fortresses
of a certain commander
has recently been destroyed.
‐ A certain commander?
‐ A simian commander?
Simian, huh?
You mean like a monkey?
‐ [monkey hooting]
‐ It must be smart, then.
‐ Shut up.
Soldiers keep going
to survey the situation,
but none return.
They suspect that demons might
be involved in what's happened,
and that's when they came to me.
So how about it?
‐ How much we talking?
‐ If you slay the demons,
the commander is prepared
to pay 1,000 mon for your work.
‐ I'm in.
‐ Takechiyo.
Drop 'em off, will you?
‐ 'K!
‐ Great! let's get going.
Hey, what's the matter?
Our bounty's waiting.
‐ Sorry, but Setsuna and I
really aren't that interested
in making money.
‐ "Not interested"?!
It's 1,000 mon!
That's a whole year's worth
of rice!
SETSUNA: Eat it on your own.
‐ Right, I'll totally eat
all that rice by myself.
I think not!
Just come with me already!
TOWA: We should
split up for the day.
‐ But why?
‐ Mm...
well, we have different goals,
for starters.
‐ What's your point?
‐ Why are you so set
on us coming with you, anyway?
‐ Huh?
Well, I mean,
because, you know‐‐
'cause we're friends.
‐ "We're friends"?
Demon slayers and bounty hunters
may be rivals, but not friends.
‐ [groans]
Fine! Do whatever you want!
I can handle this job
all by myself.
You're a bunch of dummies!
And your mama's a human!
So there!
[grunts]
SETSUNA: So's yours.
‐ Come on, Takechiyo!
TAKECHIYO: Hey,
you're going the wrong way!
Turn around!
‐ Well?
‐ About the Dream Butterfly,
you didn't happen
to find out anything, did you?
‐ Enough of that already.
‐ No way! It's the whole reason
I'm here in the first place.
I'm getting your dreams and
memories back, and that's final.
‐ As usual, I got nothing.
‐ Not at all?
‐ Sorry. But if you're
really looking for results,
maybe you should try
putting a bounty on it.
‐ Eh?
‐ That is how my business works.
Money always talks.
A client pays a fee, and someone
comes to fulfill their request.
If you put a bounty out
for the Dream Butterfly,
I'm sure that'll motivate
someone to go looking for it.
‐ How much money
would I need to get it done?
‐ Towa, forget this nonsense.
‐ 1,000 mon
for the Dream Butterfly.
‐ 1,000 mon?
‐ Rice for a year.
‐ A year of rice.
So a year divided
by three meals a day‐‐
Hey, how many kilograms
is that?
More than I care to calculate.
‐ Well, is there
a bounty you need done
where I can make
that kind of money?
‐ At the moment, the only one
is the job I gave to Moroha.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [sighs]
You can't be serious.
‐ What is with them?
I just thought that,
since we're cousins and all,
we should try and get along.
I mean, we're relatives.
It's normal, right?
But no, they go
and treat me like that.
‐ [groans]
‐ Story of my life.
Here I was thinking I might
have actually made some friends.
But just like always,
I guess I'm all on my own.
‐ [groans]
‐ You wouldn't understand!
Being alone is really tough,
especially for quarter‐demons.
TOWA: Hey! Moroha!
‐ Hmm?
‐ Wait for us!
[yells]
[panting]
Moroha, we wanna go with you!
‐ [squeals]
‐ Come on, Takechiyo.
‐ [grumbles]
‐ Let's hurry up.
‐ You mean
you don't wanna wait for them?
‐ You heard me, fur ball.
Let's go!
‐ Alright.
‐ TOWA: Huh? Wait. What?
‐ [giggles]
TOWA: Moroha, stop!
[panting]
Why did you run?
‐ It's not my fault Takechiyo
booked it out of the blue.
Blame him.
‐ Don't listen. She's lying.
[groans]
‐ Right, then. Since you
were the ones chasing me,
what do you want?
‐ We're here to help you
with your bounty hunting.
‐ Last I checked,
you said you didn't want to.
‐ I know we did, but...
‐ We thought about it
and consider you
a reliable friend.
‐ Oh? Well, you don't say.
‐ Let's all
slay demons together.
‐ Heh. When you put it that way,
I suppose
I have no choice in the matter.
You two can tag along
if you want.
‐ Thanks a lot, Moroha.
‐ So, Takechiyo?
‐ This path should lead you
to the fortress.
I'm exhausted,
so I'm gonna head home.
TOWA: Uh, if you're going back,
can you take
the bicycle with you?
[Takechiyo groans]
[birds chirping]
[footsteps tapping]
‐ Eh?
Is that it?
[grunts]
I don't think
we're alone out here.
‐ Yeah, you're right.
It actually smells fishy.
‐ But not much
in terms of demon energy.
‐ [shrieks]
[whimpers]
‐ Tell us what you were doing.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Wait. Hang on!
‐ Let him go.
It was just some kid.
‐ Our real opponent is that way.
[ominous music playing]
[tail scrapes]
‐ Hmm?
I was expecting another
boorish group of samurai.
Yet a trio of mysterious girls
stand before me.
‐ Excuse me. By any chance,
are you the demon
that's responsible
for destroying the fortress?
‐ Destroy is such a harsh word.
It was distasteful,
so I removed it.
Behold!
This scenery is breathtaking!
‐ Yup, he's the one.
‐ Now, young ladies, if you
were to perform a dance for me,
I might just reward you.
‐ [laughs] A dance, huh?
You've got to be kidding.
The only one who's gonna
be dancing here is you!
Moroha the Demon Killer
has arrived
to collect the bounty
that's been placed on your head.
‐ Bounty? Do you mean to tell me
that a bounty
is on this Konton's head?
Distasteful!
Utterly distasteful!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Konton?
‐ So this man
works for Kirinmaru.
‐ I wasn't expecting
to run into him here.
What should we do?
‐ Slay him, obviously.
‐ Watch out!
‐ [growls]
‐ [all gasp]
[both snarling]
‐ [grunts]
Half‐demons. I won't hold back.
‐ [growls]
‐ [grunting]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
You can't parry
like that forever, you know.
Your belly's...
wide open.
What the...
‐ [yelps]
‐ Moroha!
‐ Kurikaramaru couldn't
cut through it at all?
Must be demon magic.
‐ Don't worry.
I'll absorb its demon power.
[grunts]
[gasps] Why can't I
absorb its power?!
‐ [laughs]
Because it has nothing to do
with such things.
This is
an especially sturdy armor
and will not crack
from any hits it takes.
Not even a diamond
would be strong enough
to pierce its surface.
And behold, this divine sword
is from ancient times.
‐ [gasps]
[groans]
‐ [growls]
[lions growling]
‐ Now do you see?
My powers are far superior
to this country's demons.
Eh?
[all gasp]
‐ What a distasteful escape.
‐ [growls]
‐ Go.
[bird squawking]
‐ Where are we?
‐ Why don't we ask
the shrimp here?
Who are you, anyway?
‐ Moroha, no need
to be rude to him.
He did save us, after all.
You're that kid we met
in the woods earlier, right?
Do you have a name?
‐ Yes. My name is Meifuku, miss,
and I'm a Meioju.
‐ A Meioju.
I've heard of your kind.
No other type of demon
has a shell as sturdy as yours.
‐ Sturdy, huh? You don't mean...
‐ Would you
look over there, please?
[all gasp]
MOROHA: Whoa!
What the hell is that?
Man, that is one giant beastie.
TOWA: Are these
demon bones, Meifuku?
‐ Those are the remains
of my father.
See, my father
was a really strong demon,
but Konton laid a trap for him
using some kind
of strange spell.
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [growls]
[roars]
‐ How distasteful. Take this!
‐ Nothing in the world
can pierce my armored shell.
Dark Lightning Cannon!
‐ [grunting]
‐ Did you think
you had what it took
to defeat this Meioju?
[gasps] Huh?
‐ [laughs]
I set an immobilizing field.
You can no longer move.
‐ [grunting]
[groans]
‐ [grunts]
[Meioju groans]
‐ And now your shell is mine.
I intend to make good use of it.
‐ [groans]
Damn you to hell!
‐ [yells]
‐ [screams]
‐ [gasps] Father, no!
‐ Hmph.
‐ Run, Meifuku!
[groans]
‐ [gasping]
[splash]
After Konton killed my father,
he went
and made off with his shell,
and then he used it
to create a strong
piece of armor for himself.
‐ That's what
his breastplate was made of.
‐ What I wanna know
is how did he craft the shell
into the armor?
[slaps]
‐ Uh...
‐ [sputters]
‐ Grandpa Myoga?
‐ I live! As you'll recall,
Konton and the other Four Perils
are from the mainland,
so the spells they use
have origins based in Tao magic
as well as Fang magic.
‐ Wow, good to know. Thanks.
‐ Konton probably extracted
the shell's demon energy
and then used a spell technique
to mold it
into a piece of armor.
‐ When it happened,
all I could think of
was that I needed
to get away from that place,
but I don't want to leave things
the way they are.
I've been chasing after Konton,
because I want
to avenge my father.
[sighs] It's just that...
I don't think
there's a way I can win.
I wish that I could at least
take back my father's shell
so I can send him off properly.
‐ How long have you
been following Konton?
‐ Ten years or so.
‐ Ten years?!
That's way too long!
‐ But I'm
just barely 50 years old.
TOWA: Uh,
you're way older than me!
You're really 50?!
‐ I'm still so young
that my armored shell
is only a single layer.
‐ OK, then. How much longer
do you need to grow?
‐ Ideally,
another 50 years would do it.
‐ You're kidding me!
Your armored shell
is sturdy enough,
so get with it already!
Or give it to me. I'll use it.
‐ [wails] It's not something
I can just put on and take off!
Ugh! I can't!
It doesn't work like that!
‐ Then you stand in front of me
and be my shield.
‐ I'd really rather not do that!
SETSUNA:
They've caught up to us.
‐ Eh?
‐ Ohh.
[running footsteps thudding]
‐ Is it just the pets?
MEIFUKU: Konton.
‐ He truly does use
strange magic.
‐ Grandpa Myoga, it might be
a good idea for you to hide.
‐ Off, I go!
‐ Ah, Meioju's little brat.
After all this time,
you still bare your fangs at me?
‐ I, um‐‐I want to‐‐
‐ Yeah, you bet!
Meifuku here says he'll make you
regret everything
you did to his old man!
‐ Oh?
You want vengeance, do you?
‐ But I‐I'm not ready yet.
‐ Go ahead. Tell him!
Say you want
your dad's armored shell back.
‐ Well, yes,
I would like to do that one day.
‐ [laughs]
Are you saying
you believe you can defeat me?
‐ [whimpers]
‐ Ah, don't worry about it, kid.
The three of us
will help you with this one.
We'll defeat him and
get 1,000 mon for the trouble.
Even better,
if we bring his head back,
we'll get a gold ingot!
Now go on. We got you.
‐ I will avenge him, Konton!
[screams]
[whimpers]
‐ You really are hopeless, huh?
Alright. Well, in that case,
you just be my shield.
‐ O‐OK!
[thump]
‐ Huh? But why me?
‐ Yeah, shrimp! What gives?!
‐ She's way too scary,
so can I just be
your armor instead?
‐ [grunts]
‐ Hah!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [yells]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Moroha!
Cyclone Burst!
What?
‐ Divine Speed.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
‐ Setsuna!
Hah!
[Setsuna groans]
‐ TOWA: Hang on!
‐ Damn it.
Guess there's no choice.
Alright, with this rouge,
I become Beniyasha,
the Destroyer of Lands!
Tremble before
the bloodthirsty daw‐‐
‐ Divine Speed.
‐ [gasps]
[yelps]
Moroha!
Divine Speed!
‐ [clangs]
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps] Your armored shell
really came through for me.
Thanks a lot.
OK, let's do this together!
[yells]
[both grunting]
‐ Hey, Meifuku,
your armored shell
is just as sturdy as your dad's.
‐ When my father was alive,
his was way stronger.
Even with
its demon energy now removed,
his is still as sturdy.
‐ Its demon energy is gone?
‐ Exploding Field!
‐ [gasps]
[winces]
‐ [yells]
‐ Towa!
‐ Huh?
Don't you know there's no way
for you to absorb
its demon energy?
‐ Yeah. That shell you've got on
doesn't have any in there.
But don't worry about that.
Have some of mine!
‐ [screams]
MEIOJU: Damn you, Konton.
Damn you!
‐ It's father!
‐ [grunts] Divine Speed!
‐ [groans]
‐ Son, Meifuku...
fire a Dark Lightning Cannon.
‐ Father!
It's really you, isn't it?
But my Dark Lightning Cannon
isn't as strong as yours.
‐ Have faith in yourself.
‐ [gasps]
‐ From this distance,
your Dark Lightning Cannon
will be enough.
‐ I can't.
if I do, then you'll be...
Please finally allow me
to rest, Meifuku.
‐ Enough! Perish!
‐ Oh, no.
‐ [groans]
What the...
‐ Didn't see that one coming,
did you?
‐ How distasteful.
[gasps]
‐ Do it now, Meifuku.
Fire your Dark Lightning Cannon.
‐ Father.
Dark Lightning Cannon!
‐ [groans]
‐ My turn!
[running footsteps crunching]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
[Konton and Meioju scream]
‐ Father!
MEIOJU:
You have done well, Meifuku.
‐ [gasps] Father.
‐ [panting]
‐ [laughs]
You may have wrested
my armor from me,
but you've exhausted
your demon energy.
Now prepare to die!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
‐ Huh?
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
Damn you.
‐ Now you're mine!
Hmm?
[groans] The bastard got away.
‐ I see.
What a troublesome spell.
‐ [sighs] I'm grateful
that the two of you had my back.
‐ Are you alright?
‐ I think I used
a little too much demon energy.
‐ MYOGA: Lady Moroha.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Huh?
‐ Boing! Over here!
You don't want to lose this!
[music playing]
[energy surges]
‐ Thanks to all your help,
I was able to get
my father's armored shell back.
Now all I have to do is pray
that his soul rests in peace.
‐ Just out of curiosity,
how long will you do that?
‐ 50 years, maybe.
‐ Man, I still can't believe
Konton managed
to get away from us.
‐ Looks like you
can't collect his bounty yet.
‐ What? But we chased him away.
‐ We can't collect anything
until we bring back his head!
[groan echoes]
[flames crackling]
How distasteful.
Those wretches
haven't seen the last of me.
Curse you, half‐demons.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Kinka and Ginka are
conjoined‐twin demon brothers.
KINKA: The stronger twin
consumes the weaker counterpart
and finally matures
into a single powerful demon.
GINKA: It's eat or be eaten!
We only part
when one of us dies.
TOWA: They possess
both me and Setsuna
and steal the Rainbow Pearls
inside of our eyes.
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Gold and Silver
Rainbow Pearls."
JOKA: Good work
recovering those for me.
Now I can finally have
my revenge on Sesshomaru.